Update docker build args in docs (#31)
tue-bmd/zea: docs/source/installation.rst

Build
~~~~~

One can build an image for a specific backend using the provided `Dockerfile` and build arguments.

.. code-block:: shell

   docker build --build-arg INSTALL_JAX=gpu . -t zeahub/jax:latest

> To build the full image with all backends, use `BACKEND=all`.

Reviewer: I believe this BACKEND=all also is not valid anymore.

```suggestion
To build the full image including all backends with GPU support:
```
